new cli plugin for ID mapping (#2792)
zowe/docs-site: docs/user-guide/cli-idfplugin.md

## Installing

Use one of the following methods to install or update the plug-in:

- [Installing plug-ins from an online registry](cli-installplugins.md#installing-plug-ins-from-an-online-registry)

- [Installing plug-ins from a local package](cli-installplugins.md#installing-plug-ins-from-a-local-package)

Use the following Plug-in ID with either of these installation methods:

    | Plug-in | Syntax |
    |---------|-----------------------------|
    | IDF Plugin for Zowe CLI | `@zowe/zowe-cli-id-federation-plugin` |

## Usage

Currently, the plug-in does not interface with the mainframe system, so no Zowe CLI profile configuration is required.

For the most up-to-date details of required parameters, use the `help` command:

 `zowe idf map --help`.

Use the following command to enable Zowe to generate a JCL. A security administrator can then submit this JCL to create a mapping.

`zowe idf map <csv-file> --esm <esm> --registry <registry> --system <system>`

- **csv-file**  
The path to the input CSV-formatted file, see below for the details of the format.

- **esm**  

>  The identifier of the target ESM, one of ACF2, TSS or RACF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The identifier of the target external security manager, one of ACF2, RACF, or TSS.
```
